Update and re-organize Genre and language article (#3707)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmaps/Genre_and_language/en.md

> | Novelty | Comical or unusual. In osu!, Vocaloid tracks are also put under this genre. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Novelty | Comical or unusual. In osu!, this category primarily includes songs like YouTube Poops, Niconico MADs, and meme music. |
```

| Hip Hop | "Stylized rhythmic music that commonly accompanies rapping," sometimes "sampling beats or bass lines from records" ([*Hip hop music* on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hip_hop_music)). |
| Electronic | Composed digitally or with electronic instruments. |
| Metal | Having a heavy sound, making use of loud and distorted electric guitars and bass, and containing fast or dense drum rhythms. |

> | Classical | Formal, structured around advanced musical theory, and having roots in old western culture or taking inspiration from it. |

Reviewer 2: Should probably be "and/or" instead of "or"

> | Folk | Traditional or personal, casual, and reflecting the identity of a culture or group of people. |

Reviewer 2: "or" should probably be replaced with "and/or".  And the "Traditional or personal" would look nicer if it was written as "Traditional/personal"

Author: the writing style here already has a lot of lists with "or" or "and", maybe somewhere else I'd make the changes but here it seems fine
